now to give us progressive perspective
the is independent senator
of from uh... from out of course free
citizens in member of the progress of
progress
about us for residents of
outlook is that really simple
what are you going to speak
i thought the president said a lot of
the right things i think the devil is
going to be in the details
and also the question is is whether the
president is going to fight for what he
believes
or is this just rhetoric
object what we saw ur in terms of the
tax deal you remember back in december
of the president really basically caved
in and gave the republicans almost
everything they wanted
in terms of the continuing resolution
the two thousand
and eleven budget
which i'm going to vote against tomorrow
there what a massive cuts in programs
all for health care
offer education with the infrastructure
keeping people warmth i think a very bad
agreement
now what the president is saying is that
he is drawing a line in the sand and i
hope very much that the president is
going to say that the republicans that
if you refuse to raise
the debt limit
if you are about to destroy will bring
chaos
to the international financial community
leading perhaps to wait
major depression if you guys are
prepared to do it
take responsibility what we are not
going to cave in again we're not going
to be blackmailed again
you are not good at this memoir
the government
and cut back on programs that tens and
tens
on millions of americans
absolutely depend upon while as the
president said you give a trillion
dollars in tax breaks to the richest
people in this country who in many ways
have never had it so good so the
president's rhetoric one strong week on
the details but the sixty-four dollar
question is is the president going to
really fight is a go to rally the
american people say no
we're not going to bring a hardship to
the people without money while we give
tax breaks for the very rich that's the
issue that remains to be same will
centers and resistance apparent to me
that you are concerned frank and towards
end of the speech the president did say
i might not get
what i want so that of course opens the
door for negotiations now obviously they
have to have negotiations i guess my
question to you is are you happy with
where the negotiations appear to begin
because the president said referring to
that deficit commission to be put
together what's your thoughts on that
you know i think you make a very good
point right and i'm not what often
happens
is we solved somewhere in the middle
what the right of center
than the republicans go into the extreme
right
and we end up with a settlement that is
very fought for the right
i think the president should have been
very clear in terms of social security
for example and saying excuse me social
security as my contributed one nickel to
the deficit it could pay out every
benefit hold every eligible eligible
american for twenty six years set at one
point six trillion dollar surplus
it is not on the table we're not going
to discuss about
that's for another day in terms of
medicare i think that clearly the raw
financial problems there are way
ways the by getting rid of the iraq
receipt
within the medicare system weekend sage
substantial sums of money
without doing the kinds of damage that
the republicans want to do
so again jake the
devil will be in the detail but i a m
not a great fan
of that simpson balls
deficit reduction commission i think
that's a bad place the software
right you know my my concerns or their
commission is among other things this is
a security retirement age rear a
sixty-nine if that's a model were using
you're not happy with a solution at all
and they were also in addition to that
cut benefits
all four of many many years
workers it is not a good place thus far
from and also most importantly
we have to separate the whole issue of
how we deal with the deficit which is
very important from social security and
how we make show up that that remain
strong for seventy five years fees are
separate issues because social security
is paid for by the payroll tax has a
huge surplus right now hassen
contributed one nickel to the deficit
and it is only republican
ideology and propaganda which is trying
to bring these two issues together
all right senator senate honestly i
didn't know where you were to come out
on this and i says concern for me
mess around six
but they will see al plays out obviously
thank you were doing a sigh of relief
refinance definitive alright